Add support for files in generic parser (#5508)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: docs/content/en/integrations/import.md

}
```

> This parser support an attributes that accept files as Base64 strings. These files will be created as `UploadFile`

Reviewer: Where does the term `UploadFile` come from? In the UI they are referenced as "Files". 

Suggestion:

```suggestion
This parser support an attributes that accept files as Base64 strings. These files are attached to the respective findings.
```

> Ex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:
```

```JSON
{

>     "title": "My wonderfull report",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "title": "My wonderful report",
```
